event and resource docs first pass: (#8858)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/ui/events.md

---
description: Prefect Cloud Event Feed
icon: material/cloud-outline
tags:
    - UI
    - dashboard
    - Prefect Cloud
    - Observability
    - Events
---

# Events

> Prefect Cloud provides an interactive dashboard to analyze and take action on events that occurred in your worksapce on the [event feed page](/concepts/events-and-resources/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefect Cloud provides an interactive dashboard to analyze and take action on events that occurred in your workspace on the [event feed page](/concepts/events-and-resources/).
```

![Event feed](../img/ui/event-feed.png)

## Events feed

> The event feed is the primary place to view, search, and filter events to understand how data is moving through your stack. Each entry displays data on the resource, related resource, and event that took place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The event feed is the primary place to view, search, and filter events to understand activity across your stack. Each entry displays data on the resource, related resource, and event that took place.
```

## Event details

> You can view more information about an event by clicking into it, where you can view the full details of an events resource, related resources, and payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view more information about an event by clicking into it, where you can view the full details of an event's resource, related resources, and its payload.
```

![Event detail](../img/ui/event-detail.png)

> ## Automating based on events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reacting to events
```

From an event page, you can easily configure an automation to trigger on the observation of matching events or a lack of matching events by clicking the automate button in the overflow menu:

![Automation from event](../img/ui/automation-from-event.png)

> The default trigger configurtion will fire every time it sees an event with a matching resource identifier. Advanced confiuguration is possible via [custom triggers](/ui/automations/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default trigger configuration will fire every time it sees an event with a matching resource identifier. Advanced configuration is possible via [custom triggers](/ui/automations/). 
```
